---
categories: ["Guides"]
tags: ["Deployment"]
weight: 1
title: "Akash AutoDeployer"
linkTitle: "Akash AutoDeployer"
---

# Akash AutoDeployer Tool 

The [Akash Autodeployer](https://github.com/oiclid/AKASH_ECOFUSE) is a powerful tool simplifies the process of deploying your applications to the Akash Network, a decentralized cloud platform built on blockchain technology. Whether you're a developer, a business owner, or a blockchain enthusiast, this tool provides an intuitive interface to manage your cloud deployments effortlessly.

## Features 

- Streamlined Deployment: Deploy your applications on Akash with just a few clicks.

- User-Friendly Interface: Intuitive design makes cloud deployment accessible to everyone.

- Customization: Configure your deployments to match your specific requirements.

- Security: Built-in security measures ensure the safety of your applications.

- Cost Control: Monitor and manage your cloud expenses effectively.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before using the Akash AutoDeployer tool on your local machine, make sure you have the following:

- A valid Akash Network account and wallet.

- Docker installed on your system.

- A GitHub repository for your project.

- Python compiler installed.

### Packages Required

- `langchain >=0.0.271`

- `streamlit >=1.27.0`

- `chromadb >=0.4.13`

- `openai >=0.27.9` 

- Other native imports: `requests`, `os`, `subprocess`.

### Installation

To install Akash AutoDeployer, follow these steps:

1. Clone and change into the cloned repo:

``` 

git clone https://github.com/EcofuseAI/AKASH_ECOFUSE.git && cd AKASH_ECOFUSE

```

2. Launch the `autodeployer.py` script:

```

streamlit run autodeployer.py

```

## Usage

Using Akash AutoDeployer is straightforward and involves three main steps:

### Step 1: Configuration 

Before deploying your application, configure your project settings, including your API keys and model configurations.

- GitHub API token
- OpenAI/Anthropic/Claude, etc API key
- Model type (e.g., ChatGPT-3.5, Ada, Davinci)

### Step 2: Deploy

Deploy your application by first running the Dockerizer and SDL generator wizard:

- Visit: http://localhost:8501/

- Or: http://127.0.0.1:8501/

Once you have your Docker Image and SDL ready, head to the Akash console or Cloudmos to complete the deployment process. You can use the "custom SDL" option to deploy directly with the SDL generated by the Autodeployer.

### Step 3: Manage

Manage your deployments easily with the following commands:

- `akash-autodeployer list`: List all your active deployments.

- `akash-autodeployer scale`: Scale your deployments up or down.

- `akash-autodeployer close`: Close and terminate a deployment.

## Advanced Options

you may want to explore advanced options and customizations to tailor your deployments to your exact needs.










